[Music]
welcome to my unboxing of the Philco
magic touch to camouflage 10 keyless so
what does 10 keyless mean it means this
is an 87 key keyboard it is short here
even like a generic keyboard it's like
shorter T shorter so 10 keyless is for
people who want space savings and don't
necessarily need a full number pad well
or a number pad at all alright so what
do we got inside the box first thing we
find is a manual that doesn't appear to
have a word of English on it sweet ah
there it is
yes handling a keyboard when you're
using a keyboard dropping or any kinds
of activities may lead to accidents
please keyboard on a secure flat surface
when in use the keyboard is an
electrical device that contains circuits
and transformers do not expose the
keyboard to water or any other liquid
excellent good advice adopting MX which
is Cherry MX which is our mechanical
switches developed by Zenith electronics
corporation Germany key travel is four
millimeters deeper than comparative
models the actuation point is located at
two millimeters from the top when
pressed down this keyboard uses
individual Cherry MX switches that give
you light touch typing ok so mechanical
keyboards if you guys don't know this
already they are 100 billion times
better and this is all sort of my own
personal opinion then keyboards that are
not mechanical because they are
significantly more comfortable they are
significantly more satisfying to use
because of the awesome noises that they
make and I can guarantee you like I will
put my personal - guarantee of approval
on the concept that they will make you
type faster almost everyone I've ever
encountered know everyone I've ever
encountered it's a guarantee has sat
down in front of a mechanical keyboard
started to use it and realized after a
short period of time that they are
typing faster on it and we're talking
significantly maybe 10 maybe 15 20 %
faster than you can on a membrane
keyboard even if it's a really good
brain switch keyboard so let's keep on
going with this guy right here so this
one uses Terry black switches so the
black switches are actually here there's
a key remover so I'm going to show you
guys what exactly is the dealio with the
names of the various cherry switches the
cherian X that is the brand of switches
that are used and then there okay this
is a very interesting
hold on alpha I'll figure it I was like
so you put it under the thing and then
probably from okay he's laughing at me
now because I think you're supposed to
go this way um so this is a key removal
tool and not not the awesomest one that
I've ever seen there that is what makes
this a cherry MX black the fact that the
actual switch right there is black so
the characteristics of black is that
they had a linear less tactile feel so
you don't feel that that click that sort
of that spring that that's uh you don't
really hear the noise as well other than
the key bottoming out so if you put the
camera close you can actually hear if I
don't bottom them out they're quite
quiet they don't have that they don't
have that loudness that is associated
with mechanical keyboards however it's
still going to be louder to type on then
a membrane keyboard just because most
membrane keyboards aren't built very
well and has a nice solid backplane that
you're going to be landing on if you're
typing with any kind of force whatsoever
so I'm going to pull off a few more key
caps here this is probably the faster
wave to it versus that tool that's the
worst tool I've ever seen for removing
key caps not but I'm like criticizing or
anything but that's sort of not yeah not
ideal and we're going to replace the
WASD keys with the included WASD Keys
let's have a look at the layout layout
is for me the the deal maker or the deal
breaker of any mechanical keyboard and
it can be the difference between a
keyboard that I love to type on but I
absolutely hate and a keyboard that I
hate that type on but I absolutely have
to use because there's no getting away
from it this has my favorite possible
layout no changes long shift key long
shift key long in turkey long backspace
key no long delete key
awesome I absolutely love it in every
possible way you've got a function key
here instead of a Windows key I
personally consider this to be a boon
for gamers because I don't think I put
those on all the way there we go a boon
for gamers because you're a lot less
likely to be bothered if you
accidentally hit a function key because
then you'll have to like accidentally
also hit like f3 to mute your audio like
what a what are the freaking odds yeah
um whereas if you have a Windows key
here that could potentially bother you
however I actually use the Windows key
so having a Hardware switch to turn it
off because I often forget to turn it
back on it's really annoying because
I'll actually press on it I want like
the menu to come up or I want to cycle
through my windows using Windows tab and
I can't so there you go Windows key
function key it does have arrow keys
however you notice the number pad is
missing everything else is pretty normal
the one thing that you'll notice is
missing so still got your scroll lock
and it still got your caps lock buttons
are lights but it doesn't have a number
lock button which makes sense because
there is no number pad ha keys are
labeled on the tops although Philco does
have a ton of options for keyboards
we're actually going to be taking a look
at a fair number of their keyboards they
have lots of different colors of
keyboards lots of different colors of
switches lots of different
configurations in terms of the actual
layouts of the keyboards they are one of
the most varied keyboard manufacturers
out there but the one thing they all
have in common is they all use
high-quality built and they all use high
quality switches so let's just take a
quick look at the rest of the physical
attributes of the of the cammo keyboard
here which actually I was expecting to
look kind of cheeseball but it actually
looks kind of cool okay so you got a
flip up here which will allow you to
tilt the keyboard a little bit can see
again just build quality the weight of
it the proper rubber that's used on it
it's not going to go anywhere no matter
how hard you mash on it we've also got
rubber here here here and here and
you're part number in your serial number
on the bottom in case you need it for
any particular reason so I think that
pretty much comes down to it pretty much
comes down to what your personal taste
is in terms of the look the layout the
switches and what you're more what you
like best
so in general blacks are considered more
of a gaming key switch as opposed to a
typist key switch so depending what you
use your computer for you might want to
go with a different skew however I don't
think most typists are going to be
interested in the camo the camel sort of
look so it's probably appropriate that
they used to gaming switch on this model
thank you for checking out my unboxing
and first look at Philco z-- Magisto
camel ten kilos don't forget to
subscribe to - tech tips and don't
forget it also includes a ps2 adapter in
camo green and these keyboards all
include and key rollover I think well I
think it's like hold on to say yes it
does have full and key rollover means
you can press as many keys as you want
and you won't run into any difficulty
also I've been informed by slick who's
actually more of a keyboard nerd than I
am that this is apparently better than
prying them off with your fingers
because if you do with your fingers you
can apply pressure in the wrong way you
can accidentally damage the switch so
that's why they have this tool which
seems goofy to me but apparently it's
for a reason
there you have it thank you for watching